add resource saver known issue (#20755)
docker/docs: content/desktop/release-notes.md

- There is a known issue when authenticating against a registry in the Docker CLI (`docker login [registry address]`) where, if the provided registry address includes a repository/image name (such as `docker login index.docker.io/docker/welcome-to-docker`), the repository part (`docker/welcome-to-docker`) is not normalized and results in credentials being stored incorrectly, which causes subsequent pulls from the registry (`docker pull index.docker.io/docker/welcome-to-docker`) to not be authenticated. To prevent this, don't include any extraneous suffix in the registry address when running `docker login`.
  > [!NOTE]
  > Using `docker login` with an address that includes URL path segments is not a documented use case and is considered unsupported. The recommended usage is to specify only a registry hostname, and optionally a port, as the address for `docker login`.

> - When running `docker compose up` and Resource Saver mode is enabled, the command is unresponsive. As a workaround you can manually exit the Resource Saving mode for docker compose to become responsive again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When running `docker compose up` and Docker Desktop is in the Resource Saver mode, the command is unresponsive. As a workaround you can manually exit the Resource Saving mode for docker compose to become responsive again.
```
